Ember readme updates (#18058)
emberjs/ember.js: README.md

</p>

<p align="center">
   <a href="https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg" alt="GitHub license"></a>
   <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/ember-source"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/ember-source.svg?style=flat" alt="npm version"></a>  
  <a href="http://travis-ci.org/emberjs/ember.js"><img src="https://secure.travis-ci.org/emberjs/ember.js.svg?branch=master" alt="Build Status"></a>
  <a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/emberjs/ember.js"><img src="https://codeclimate.com/github/emberjs/ember.js.svg" alt="Code Climate"></a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/zT3asNS"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/480462759797063690.svg?logo=discord" alt="Discord Community Server"></a>
</p>

**Ember** is 

* [**Immortal**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ember.js) - bulding amazing apps with bleeding edge technologies 8+ years.
* [**Stable & Secure**](https://emberjs.com/releases/) - LTS Releases, 30 weeks of security fixes

> * [**Modern**](https://blog.emberjs.com/2019/02/11/coming-soon-in-ember-octane-part-1.html) - Classes, Decorators, optional TypeScript, Generators

Reviewer: Generally, I like where you're going with this overall 🎉 but I wonder if it would be better to sell ember as it is now and then update it to reflect Octane once Octane is actually released? 

I think there is a lot of benefits to "sell" about Ember now even without Octane 😄

Reviewer 2: I agree. There's also the link for `Binary Templates` which seems very experimental and far from production ready

Author: @mansona, @makepanic  np, additions/replaces welcome.
Should we mention declarative templates?
My Imagination pretty poor, it will be great if we can have more ideas in this pr.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should also link https://emberobserver.com/ to highlight the huge addon ecosystem

Author: @mansona done as `Zero config addons` section

* [**Documented**](https://guides.emberjs.com) - We have amazing documentation for each Ember version
* [**Component-Based**](https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/components/component-basics/) - Any HTML is valid component!
* [**Routed**](https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/routing/defining-your-routes/) - URI is kinda serialized state for you APP

> * [**Atotracked**](https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/state-management/tracked-properties/) - UI updates automatically!

Reviewer 2: `Atotracked` -> `Autotracked` ?

</p>

<p align="center">

>    <a href="https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg" alt="GitHub license"></a>

Reviewer 3: Maybe move this one to last?

   <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/ember-source"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/ember-source.svg?style=flat" alt="npm version"></a>  
  <a href="http://travis-ci.org/emberjs/ember.js"><img src="https://secure.travis-ci.org/emberjs/ember.js.svg?branch=master" alt="Build Status"></a>
  <a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/emberjs/ember.js"><img src="https://codeclimate.com/github/emberjs/ember.js.svg" alt="Code Climate"></a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/zT3asNS"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/480462759797063690.svg?logo=discord" alt="Discord Community Server"></a>

>    <a href="https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg" alt="PRs Welcome"></a>

Reviewer 3: If you are suggesting this sort of badge, I would link to something like https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/ instead.
But I would suggest not including it at all.

Author: I like badges xD
good point for https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/!

</p>

**Ember** is 

> * [**Immortal**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ember.js) - bulding amazing apps with bleeding edge technologies 8+ years.

Reviewer 3: This is already covered by "Stable and secure"

Author: Can't find exact refs in Stable and Secure, and Stable != Immportal

* [**Stable & Secure**](https://emberjs.com/releases/) - LTS Releases, 30 weeks of security fixes
* [**Modern**](https://blog.emberjs.com/2019/02/11/coming-soon-in-ember-octane-part-1.html) - Classes, Decorators, optional TypeScript, Generators
* [**Documented**](https://guides.emberjs.com) - We have amazing documentation for each Ember version
* [**Component-Based**](https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/components/component-basics/) - Any HTML is valid component!
* [**Routed**](https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/routing/defining-your-routes/) - URI is kinda serialized state for you APP

> * [**DSL**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/models/) - Ember-Data is most powerful data management tool.

Reviewer 3: "DSL" does not seem the appropriate header.

Author: suggestions? Data management?

> * [**DSL**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/models/) - Ember-Data is most powerful data management tool.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* [**DSL**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/models/) - Ember Data is most powerful data management tool.
```

* [**Autotracked**](https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/state-management/tracked-properties/) - UI updates automatically!

> * [**Binary Templates**](https://engineering.linkedin.com/blog/2017/12/the-glimmer-binary-experience) and other compile-time optimizations.

Reviewer 3: This is super inside baseball and not trivial to even experiment with.

Author: can be replaced is to `Bytecode Templates`?

> * [**Zero config addons**](https://emberobserver.com/) - thousands of addons and the ability to [search by source code](https://emberobserver.com/code-search?codeQuery=task)

Reviewer 3: What about Ember itself? And why is the link to a code search, is it a typo?

Author: @locks  this is emberobserver feature - addon search by code

> Used By **Netflix**, **Linkedin**, **Apple** and others.

Reviewer 3: I personally find these kinds of mentions useless, and would prefer specific examples, say, Apple Music.
I am also not really fond of how this reinforces the position that Ember is for big projects. Ember's feature set and addon ecosystem are big boons for individual developers or tiny teams that want to ship quickly, too.

Author: I think we can add `Hashicorp`, `Travis CI`, `Digitalocean`, `Percy` with kinda prooflinks

Author: done

</p>

<p align="center">
   <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/ember-source"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/ember-source.svg?style=flat" alt="npm version"></a>  
  <a href="http://travis-ci.org/emberjs/ember.js"><img src="https://secure.travis-ci.org/emberjs/ember.js.svg?branch=master" alt="Build Status"></a>
  <a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/emberjs/ember.js"><img src="https://codeclimate.com/github/emberjs/ember.js.svg" alt="Code Climate"></a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/zT3asNS"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/480462759797063690.svg?logo=discord" alt="Discord Community Server"></a>
   <a href="https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg" alt="PRs Welcome"></a>
   <a href="https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg" alt="GitHub license"></a>

</p>

**Ember** is 

> * [**Immortal**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ember.js) - bulding amazing apps with bleeding edge technologies 8+ years.

Reviewer 4: Some suggestions for words different than immortal (which has ego connotations, and I'd prefer we avoid): 

- timeless
- evergreen
- enduring

> * [**Immortal**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ember.js) - bulding amazing apps with bleeding edge technologies 8+ years.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**Timeless**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ember.js) - There are apps that used the first version of Ember almost a decade ago, and have successfully used Ember this entire time.
```

> * [**Timeless**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ember.js) - There are apps that used the first version of Ember almost a decade ago, and have successfully used Ember this entire time.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**A Welcoming Community**](https://emberjs.com/community/) - Get the help you need, when you need it.
* [**Timeless**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ember.js) - There are apps that used the first version of Ember almost a decade ago, and have successfully used Ember this entire time.
```

> * [**Stable & Secure**](https://emberjs.com/releases/) - LTS Releases, 30 weeks of security fixes

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**Stable & Secure**](https://emberjs.com/releases/) - With regular LTS Releases and 30 weeks of security fixes, you can rely on Ember.js to care about the stability and security of your app.
```

> * [**Modern**](https://blog.emberjs.com/2019/02/11/coming-soon-in-ember-octane-part-1.html) - Classes, Decorators, optional TypeScript, Generators

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**Modern**](https://blog.emberjs.com/2019/02/11/coming-soon-in-ember-octane-part-1.html) - Use modern JavaScript features that you're already familiar with like classes, decorators, & generators.
```

> * [**Stable & Secure**](https://emberjs.com/releases/) - With regular LTS Releases and 30 weeks of security fixes, you can rely on Ember.js to care about the stability and security of your app.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**Reliable & Secure**](https://emberjs.com/releases/) - With regular LTS Releases and 30 weeks of security fixes, you can rely on Ember.js to care about the stability and security of your app.
```

> * [**Documented**](https://guides.emberjs.com) - We have amazing documentation for each Ember version

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**Documented**](https://guides.emberjs.com) - Rely on top-notch documentation for each Ember version and a team that is focused on the documentation and learning experience.
```

> * [**Modern**](https://blog.emberjs.com/2019/02/11/coming-soon-in-ember-octane-part-1.html) - Use modern JavaScript features that you're already familiar with like classes, decorators, & generators.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**Modern**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/upgrading/current-edition/) - Use modern JavaScript features that you're already familiar with like classes, decorators, & generators.
```

> * [**Component-Based**](https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/components/component-basics/) - Any HTML is valid component!

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**Component-Based**](https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/components/component-basics/) - Any HTML is valid component! Start with valid, semantic HTML and layer in the app functionality that you need- giving your team the space for specialized markup experts.
```

> * [**Routed**](https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/routing/defining-your-routes/) - URI is kinda serialized state for you APP

Reviewer 4: Saying URI instead of URL seems a little pretentious (to me). Perhaps we could say something about URLs and how Ember's approach provides predictability, stability and better accessibility.

> * [**DSL**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/models/) - Ember Data is most powerful data management tool.

Reviewer 4: * [**DSL**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/models/) - Ember Data is a powerful data management tool.

> * [**Component-Based**](https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/components/component-basics/) - Any HTML is valid component! Start with valid, semantic HTML and layer in the app functionality that you need- giving your team the space for specialized markup experts.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**Component-Based**](https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/components/component-basics/) - Any HTML is a valid component! Start with valid, semantic HTML and layer in the app functionality that you need- giving your team the space for specialized markup experts.
```

> * [**Component-Based**](https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/components/component-basics/) - Any HTML is valid component! Start with valid, semantic HTML and layer in the app functionality that you need- giving your team the space for specialized markup experts.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**Component-Based**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/components/introducing-components/) - Any HTML is valid component! Start with valid, semantic HTML and layer in the app functionality that you need- giving your team the space for specialized markup experts.
```

* [**Autotracked**](https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/state-management/tracked-properties/) - UI updates automatically!

> * [**Bytecode Templates**](https://engineering.linkedin.com/blog/2017/12/the-glimmer-binary-experience) and other compile-time optimizations.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if we should advertise this experimental feature which [isn't even merged yet](https://github.com/glimmerjs/glimmer-vm/pull/752).

Author: Templates already bytecoded, going to change binary aticle to https://yehudakatz.com/2017/04/05/the-glimmer-vm-boots-fast-and-stays-fast/

> * [**Routed**](https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/routing/defining-your-routes/) - URI is kinda serialized state for you APP

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**Routed**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/routing/) - Ember routes respect URLs while layering in extra functionality like rendering templates, loading data models, handling actions, and conditionally redirecting. 
```

> * [**DSL**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/models/) - Ember Data is most powerful data management tool.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**DSL**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/models/) - Ember Data is a powerful data management tool.
```

> * [**Autotracked**](https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/state-management/tracked-properties/) - UI updates automatically!

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**Autotracking (Ember's reactivity model)**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/in-depth-topics/autotracking-in-depth/) - Ember makes it easier to decide what to automatically update, and when. 
```

> * [**Zero config addons**](https://emberobserver.com/) - thousands of addons and the ability to [search by source code](https://emberobserver.com/code-search?codeQuery=task)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**Zero config apps**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/configuring-ember/) - With strong defaults, you may never need to configure anything in your app, but the options are there if you need it!
* [**Quality addon ecosystem**](https://emberobserver.com/) - high-quality, rated addons with the ability to [search by source code](https://emberobserver.com/code-search?codeQuery=task)
```

> Used By [**Netflix**](https://github.com/Netflix?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=ember&type=&language=), [**Linkedin**](https://engineering.linkedin.com/blog/topic/ember), [**Apple**](http://builtwithember.io/featured/2015/07/04/apple-music/), [**Hashicorp**](https://github.com/hashicorp/vault), [**Travis CI**](https://github.com/travis-ci/travis-web), [**DigitalOcean**](http://builtwithember.io/2018/02/08/digital-ocean/), [**Percy**](https://github.com/percy/percy-web) and [others](http://builtwithember.io/).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Used By [**Linkedin**](https://engineering.linkedin.com/blog/topic/ember), [**Apple**](http://builtwithember.io/featured/2015/07/04/apple-music/), [**Crowdstrike**](https://www.crowdstrike.com/),[**Hashicorp**](https://github.com/hashicorp/vault), [**Travis CI**](https://github.com/travis-ci/travis-web), [**DigitalOcean**](http://builtwithember.io/2018/02/08/digital-ocean/), [**Percy**](https://github.com/percy/percy-web) and [more](http://builtwithember.io/).
```

</p>

<p align="center">
   <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/ember-source"><img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/ember-source.svg?style=flat" alt="npm version"></a>  
  <a href="http://travis-ci.org/emberjs/ember.js"><img src="https://secure.travis-ci.org/emberjs/ember.js.svg?branch=master" alt="Build Status"></a>
  <a href="https://codeclimate.com/github/emberjs/ember.js"><img src="https://codeclimate.com/github/emberjs/ember.js.svg" alt="Code Climate"></a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/zT3asNS"><img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/480462759797063690.svg?logo=discord" alt="Discord Community Server"></a>
   <a href="https://help-wanted.emberjs.com/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg" alt="PRs Welcome"></a>
   <a href="https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg" alt="GitHub license"></a>

</p>

> **Ember** is 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**Ember.js** is a JavaScript framework that greatly reduces the time, effort and resources needed to build any web application. It is focused on making you, the developer, as productive as possible by doing all the common, repetitive, yet essential, tasks involved in most web development projects.

With Ember, you get all of these things:
```

* [**A Welcoming Community**](https://emberjs.com/community/) - Get the help you need, when you need it.

> * [**Timeless**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ember.js) - There are apps that used the first version of Ember almost a decade ago, and have successfully used Ember this entire time.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**An Enduring Foundation for your Apps**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ember.js) - There are apps that used the first version of Ember almost a decade ago, and successfully still use Ember today.
```

> * [**Reliable & Secure**](https://emberjs.com/releases/) - With regular LTS Releases and 30 weeks of security fixes, you can rely on Ember.js to care about the stability and security of your app.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**Reliability & Security**](https://emberjs.com/releases/) - With regular LTS Releases and 30 weeks of security fixes, you can rely on Ember.js to care about the stability [and security](https://emberjs.com/security/) of your app.
```

> * [**Modern**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/upgrading/current-edition/) - Use modern JavaScript features that you're already familiar with like classes, decorators, & generators.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**Modern JavaScript**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/upgrading/current-edition/) - Use modern JavaScript features that you're already familiar with like classes, decorators, & generators.
```

> * [**Documented**](https://guides.emberjs.com) - Rely on top-notch documentation for each Ember version and a team that is focused on the documentation and learning experience.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**Documentation**](https://guides.emberjs.com) - Rely on top-notch documentation for each Ember version and a team that is focused on the documentation and learning experience.
```

* [**Component-Based**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/components/introducing-components/) - Any HTML is a valid component! Start with valid, semantic HTML and layer in the app functionality that you need- giving your team the space for specialized markup experts.

> * [**Routed**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/routing/) - Ember routes respect URLs while layering in extra functionality like rendering templates, loading data models, handling actions, and conditionally redirecting. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**Routing**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/routing/) - Ember routes respect URLs while layering in extra functionality like rendering templates, loading data models, handling actions, and conditionally redirecting. 
```

> * [**DSL**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/models/) - Ember Data is a powerful data management tool.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**Data Layer**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/models/) - Ember Data is a powerful data management tool that comes with Ember apps by default. Want to use something else? We support that, too!
```

> * [**Flexible**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/models/customizing-adapters/) Use _**any**_ backend stack with your Ember apps, thanks to the flexibility of adapters and serializers.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**Flexibility**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/models/customizing-adapters/) Use _**any**_ backend stack with your Ember apps, thanks to the flexibility of adapters and serializers.
```

> * [**Autotracked (Ember's reactivity model)**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/in-depth-topics/autotracking-in-depth/) - Ember makes it easier to decide what to automatically update, and when. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**Autotracking**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/in-depth-topics/autotracking-in-depth/) - Ember's reactivity model makes it easier to decide what to automatically update, and when. 
```

* [**Bytecode Templates**](https://yehudakatz.com/2017/04/05/the-glimmer-vm-boots-fast-and-stays-fast/) and other compile-time optimizations.
* [**Zero config apps**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/configuring-ember/) - With strong defaults, you may never need to configure anything in your app, but the options are there if you need it!
* [**Quality addon ecosystem**](https://emberobserver.com/) - high-quality, rated addons with the ability to [search by source code](https://emberobserver.com/code-search?codeQuery=task). Many require no additional configuration, making it easier than ever to supercharge your apps.

> Used By [**Linkedin**](https://engineering.linkedin.com/blog/topic/ember), [**Apple**](http://builtwithember.io/featured/2015/07/04/apple-music/), [**Crowdstrike**](https://www.crowdstrike.com/),[**Hashicorp**](https://github.com/hashicorp/vault), [**Travis CI**](https://github.com/travis-ci/travis-web), [**DigitalOcean**](http://builtwithember.io/2018/02/08/digital-ocean/), [**Percy**](https://github.com/percy/percy-web) and [more](http://builtwithember.io/).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

* [**Flexibility**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/models/customizing-adapters/) Use _**any**_ backend stack with your Ember apps, thanks to the flexibility of adapters and serializers.
* [**Autotracking**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/in-depth-topics/autotracking-in-depth/) - Ember's reactivity model makes it easier to decide what to automatically update, and when. 
* [**Bytecode Templates**](https://yehudakatz.com/2017/04/05/the-glimmer-vm-boots-fast-and-stays-fast/) and other compile-time optimizations.
* [**Zero config apps**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/configuring-ember/) - With strong defaults, you may never need to configure anything in your app, but the options are there if you need it!
* [**Quality addon ecosystem**](https://emberobserver.com/) - high-quality, rated addons with the ability to [search by source code](https://emberobserver.com/code-search?codeQuery=task). Many require no additional configuration, making it easier than ever to supercharge your apps.

> - [Website](https://emberjs.com)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Find out more: 

- [Website](https://emberjs.com)
```

With Ember, you get all of these things:

* [**A Welcoming Community**](https://emberjs.com/community/) - Get the help you need, when you need it.
* [**An Enduring Foundation for your Apps**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ember.js) - There are apps that used the first version of Ember almost a decade ago, and successfully still use Ember today.
* [**Reliability & Security**](https://emberjs.com/releases/) - With regular LTS Releases and 30 weeks of security fixes, you can rely on Ember.js to care about the stability [and security](https://emberjs.com/security/) of your app.
* [**Modern JavaScript**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/upgrading/current-edition/) - Use modern JavaScript features that you're already familiar with like classes, decorators, & generators.
* [**Documentation**](https://guides.emberjs.com) - Rely on top-notch documentation for each Ember version and a team that is focused on the documentation and learning experience.

> * [**HTML-based Components**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/components/introducing-components/) - Start with valid, semantic HTML and layer in the app functionality that you need- giving your team the space for specialized markup experts.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**HTML-first Components**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/components/introducing-components/) - Start with valid, semantic HTML in your components, and layer in the functionality that you need, as you need it.
```

> * [**Component-Based**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/components/introducing-components/) - Any HTML is a valid component! Start with valid, semantic HTML and layer in the app functionality that you need- giving your team the space for specialized markup experts.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**HTML-based Components**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/components/introducing-components/) - Any HTML is a valid component! Start with valid, semantic HTML and layer in the app functionality that you need- giving your team the space for specialized markup experts.
```

> * [**HTML-based Components**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/components/introducing-components/) - Any HTML is a valid component! Start with valid, semantic HTML and layer in the app functionality that you need- giving your team the space for specialized markup experts.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**HTML-based Components**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/components/introducing-components/) - Start with valid, semantic HTML and layer in the app functionality that you need- giving your team the space for specialized markup experts.
```

* [**Component-Based**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/components/introducing-components/) - Any HTML is a valid component! Start with valid, semantic HTML and layer in the app functionality that you need- giving your team the space for specialized markup experts.
* [**Routing**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/routing/) - Ember routes respect URLs while layering in extra functionality like rendering templates, loading data models, handling actions, and conditionally redirecting. 
* [**Data Layer**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/models/) - Ember Data is a powerful data management tool that comes with Ember apps by default. Want to use something else? We support that, too!
* [**Flexibility**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/models/customizing-adapters/) Use _**any**_ backend stack with your Ember apps, thanks to the flexibility of adapters and serializers.
* [**Autotracking**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/in-depth-topics/autotracking-in-depth/) - Ember's reactivity model makes it easier to decide what to automatically update, and when. 

> * [**Bytecode Templates**](https://yehudakatz.com/2017/04/05/the-glimmer-vm-boots-fast-and-stays-fast/) and other compile-time optimizations.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

> * [**Zero config apps**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/configuring-ember/) - With strong defaults, you may never need to configure anything in your app, but the options are there if you need it!

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**Zero Config Apps**](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/configuring-ember/) - With strong defaults, you may never need to configure anything in your app, but the options are there if you need it!
```

> * [**Quality addon ecosystem**](https://emberobserver.com/) - high-quality, rated addons with the ability to [search by source code](https://emberobserver.com/code-search?codeQuery=task). Many require no additional configuration, making it easier than ever to supercharge your apps.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [**Quality Addon Ecosystem**](https://emberobserver.com/) - high-quality, rated addons with the ability to [search by source code](https://emberobserver.com/code-search?codeQuery=task). Many require no additional configuration, making it easier than ever to supercharge your apps.
```

Cross-browser testing provided by:

> <a href="https://www.browserstack.com/automate/public-build/N0RzTStiOEVmUmFIOHZESHZ0SHc2ZnRtWkdId1VTYjBBNmdUbFdGQjhJMD0tLXlnakFXc2lFVk54YlFJeTZpMElGSGc9PQ==--587563c31781ae54de26452a7d27bd451607b000"><img src='https://www.browserstack.com/automate/badge.svg?badge_key=N0RzTStiOEVmUmFIOHZESHZ0SHc2ZnRtWkdId1VTYjBBNmdUbFdGQjhJMD0tLXlnakFXc2lFVk54YlFJeTZpMElGSGc9PQ==--587563c31781ae54de26452a7d27bd451607b000'/></a>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<a href="https://www.browserstack.com/automate/public-build/N0RzTStiOEVmUmFIOHZESHZ0SHc2ZnRtWkdId1VTYjBBNmdUbFdGQjhJMD0tLXlnakFXc2lFVk54YlFJeTZpMElGSGc9PQ==--587563c31781ae54de26452a7d27bd451607b000"><img alt="browser stack" src='https://www.browserstack.com/automate/badge.svg?badge_key=N0RzTStiOEVmUmFIOHZESHZ0SHc2ZnRtWkdId1VTYjBBNmdUbFdGQjhJMD0tLXlnakFXc2lFVk54YlFJeTZpMElGSGc9PQ==--587563c31781ae54de26452a7d27bd451607b000'/></a>
```

Cross-browser testing provided by:

> <a href="https://www.browserstack.com/automate/public-build/N0RzTStiOEVmUmFIOHZESHZ0SHc2ZnRtWkdId1VTYjBBNmdUbFdGQjhJMD0tLXlnakFXc2lFVk54YlFJeTZpMElGSGc9PQ==--587563c31781ae54de26452a7d27bd451607b000"><img src='https://www.browserstack.com/automate/badge.svg?badge_key=N0RzTStiOEVmUmFIOHZESHZ0SHc2ZnRtWkdId1VTYjBBNmdUbFdGQjhJMD0tLXlnakFXc2lFVk54YlFJeTZpMElGSGc9PQ==--587563c31781ae54de26452a7d27bd451607b000'/></a>

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if there's a policy on how to link to browserstack but can't the heading be removed and the badge added to the other badges?

Author: @locks ?

Reviewer 3: I believe this is required for the BrowserStack sponsorship.

Reviewer 5: This needs to stay the BrowserStack logo

> <a href="https://www.browserstack.com/automate/public-build/N0RzTStiOEVmUmFIOHZESHZ0SHc2ZnRtWkdId1VTYjBBNmdUbFdGQjhJMD0tLXlnakFXc2lFVk54YlFJeTZpMElGSGc9PQ==--587563c31781ae54de26452a7d27bd451607b000"><img src='https://www.browserstack.com/automate/badge.svg?badge_key=N0RzTStiOEVmUmFIOHZESHZ0SHc2ZnRtWkdId1VTYjBBNmdUbFdGQjhJMD0tLXlnakFXc2lFVk54YlFJeTZpMElGSGc9PQ==--587563c31781ae54de26452a7d27bd451607b000'/></a>

Reviewer 5: This needs to stay the BrowserStack logo per BrowserStack request when giving us the ability to run Cross-browser tests.

Reviewer 5: https://www.browserstack.com/open-source

Reviewer 4: the alt tag also needs to stay on the img.

Cross-browser testing provided by:

> <a href="https://www.browserstack.com/automate/public-build/N0RzTStiOEVmUmFIOHZESHZ0SHc2ZnRtWkdId1VTYjBBNmdUbFdGQjhJMD0tLXlnakFXc2lFVk54YlFJeTZpMElGSGc9PQ==--587563c31781ae54de26452a7d27bd451607b000"><img alt="browser stack" src='https://www.browserstack.com/automate/badge.svg?badge_key=N0RzTStiOEVmUmFIOHZESHZ0SHc2ZnRtWkdId1VTYjBBNmdUbFdGQjhJMD0tLXlnakFXc2lFVk54YlFJeTZpMElGSGc9PQ==--587563c31781ae54de26452a7d27bd451607b000'/></a>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<a href="https://www.browserstack.com/automate/public-build/N0RzTStiOEVmUmFIOHZESHZ0SHc2ZnRtWkdId1VTYjBBNmdUbFdGQjhJMD0tLXlnakFXc2lFVk54YlFJeTZpMElGSGc9PQ==--587563c31781ae54de26452a7d27bd451607b000"><img alt="browser stack" src='https://www.browserstack.com/automate/badge.svg?badge_key=N0RzTStiOEVmUmFIOHZESHZ0SHc2ZnRtWkdId1VTYjBBNmdUbFdGQjhJMD0tLXlnakFXc2lFVk54YlFJeTZpMElGSGc9PQ==--587563c31781ae54de26452a7d27bd451607b000'/></a>

```

Cross-browser testing provided by:

> <a href="https://www.browserstack.com/automate/public-build/N0RzTStiOEVmUmFIOHZESHZ0SHc2ZnRtWkdId1VTYjBBNmdUbFdGQjhJMD0tLXlnakFXc2lFVk54YlFJeTZpMElGSGc9PQ==--587563c31781ae54de26452a7d27bd451607b000"><img alt="browser stack" src='https://www.browserstack.com/automate/badge.svg?badge_key=N0RzTStiOEVmUmFIOHZESHZ0SHc2ZnRtWkdId1VTYjBBNmdUbFdGQjhJMD0tLXlnakFXc2lFVk54YlFJeTZpMElGSGc9PQ==--587563c31781ae54de26452a7d27bd451607b000'/></a>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<a href="http://browserstack.com"><img height="70" src="https://p3.zdusercontent.com/attachment/1015988/PWfFdN71Aung2evRkIVQuKJpE?token=eyJhbGciOiJkaXIiLCJlbmMiOiJBMTI4Q0JDLUhTMjU2In0..aUrNFb8clSXsFwgw5BUTcg.IJr5piuCen7PmSSBHSrOnqM9K5YZfxX3lvbp-5LCqoKOi4CjjgdA419iqjofs0nLtm26FMURvZ8JRTuKB4iHer6lGu5f8dXHtIkYAHjP5fXDWkl044Yg2mSdrhF6uPy62GdlBYoYxwvgkNrac8nN_In8GY-qOC7bYmlZyJT7tsTZUTYbNMQiXS86YA5LgdCEWzWreMvc3C6cvZtVXIrcVgpkroIhvsTQPm4vQA-Uq6iCbTPA4oX5cpEtMtrlg4jYBnnAE4BTw5UwU_dY83ep5g.7wpc1IKv0rSRGsvqCG_q3g" alt="BrowserStack"></a>
```
